README.md, before:

Unity Mixed Callstack
=====

UnityMixedCallstack is a Visual Studio 2015/2017 extension to help debug native applications embedding Mono, like Unity.

Mono doesn't generate debug symbols that Visual Studio understands for jitted functions.

As a result, Visual Studio can not show anything meaningful for managed stack frames.

This fork of PmipMyCallstack has been developed for developers at unity-technologies and support has been added to our clone of mono, which can be found here https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/mono

This version requires you to set the UNITY_MIXED_CALLSTACK environment variable before launching visual studio and before launching Unity (or using our mono standalone), which will tell the mono runtime to write out each jit'd function to a file.

The original PmipMyCallstack plugin created by JB Evain would call the function `mono_pmip` on every frame that doesn't belong to a module to show a meaningful representation of the stack frame and display it natively in the call stack window.  This plugin does the same thing, but instead of calling over ipc, mono writes a file with the jit information and we lookup the IP from that. This allows us to open much larger callstacks, and many frames without visual studio hanging for a long time (an issue since Unity has so many threads).

In this version we also display the module the managed code belongs to. This gives you a nice callstack to look at in visual studio.

## Before

![Before Unity Mixed Callstack](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mderoy/UnityMixedCallstack/master/Images/csb.png)

## After

![After Unity Mixed Callstack](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mderoy/UnityMixedCallstack/master/Images/cs.png)

Commit message:

Add a reminder to disable Just My Code

README.md, after:

Unity Mixed Callstack
=====

UnityMixedCallstack is a Visual Studio 2015/2017 extension to help debug native applications embedding Mono, like Unity.

Mono doesn't generate debug symbols that Visual Studio understands for jitted functions.

As a result, Visual Studio can not show anything meaningful for managed stack frames.

This fork of PmipMyCallstack has been developed for developers at unity-technologies and support has been added to our clone of mono, which can be found here https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/mono

This version requires you to set the UNITY_MIXED_CALLSTACK environment variable before launching visual studio and before launching Unity (or using our mono standalone), which will tell the mono runtime to write out each jit'd function to a file.

The original PmipMyCallstack plugin created by JB Evain would call the function `mono_pmip` on every frame that doesn't belong to a module to show a meaningful representation of the stack frame and display it natively in the call stack window.  This plugin does the same thing, but instead of calling over ipc, mono writes a file with the jit information and we lookup the IP from that. This allows us to open much larger callstacks, and many frames without visual studio hanging for a long time (an issue since Unity has so many threads).

In this version we also display the module the managed code belongs to. This gives you a nice callstack to look at in visual studio.

Remember, you need to disable Just My Code in the debugger options (Debug -> Options...) to expand the `[External Code]` entry in the callstack.

## Before

![Before Unity Mixed Callstack](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mderoy/UnityMixedCallstack/master/Images/csb.png)

## After

![After Unity Mixed Callstack](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mderoy/UnityMixedCallstack/master/Images/cs.png)
